this video is sponsored by destination
canada who has just released an original
series titled vacations of the brave
on amazon prime video
all right that didn't go as planned but
today we're doing asking strangers
in a very different way thomas will
explain the odds of being alive
are 1 in 10 followed by two million six
hundred forty
thousand zeros to put that into
perspective it would be like having an
entire city of
two million people rolling a dice with
one trillion
signs and for everyone to land on the
same number
yet it's very easy to take life for
granted
the premise of the show vacations of the
brave is to surprise hardworking
americans with epic trips to canada and
take them to locations that'll challenge
them physically
emotionally and spiritually and after
watching the show it inspired us to
create a similar experience for a
stranger who'd answered this simple yet
extremely challenging question
if you had 24 hours left to live what
would you do
our goal is to find a stranger who has a
very specific and meaningful vision for
what they'd want to do
and then surprise them by turning that
into reality
however since everyone's first answer
almost always
seems to be with my family okay but
assuming that you're like
dumb is that like no no assuming
we told everyone that for the purpose of
this experiment they can assume that
they already spent time with their
families
however instead of doing things the
conventional way omar came up with a
different plan
so let's see if we can find a stranger
and enable them to live one of the most
meaningful days
of their lives i'm just really annoyed
at this error right there
we made it just at the dimensions of
this box so that we don't have a
thing
sticking out like no one cares
only you are gonna care i have so much
respect for truck drivers right now
i i there's nothing
i don't know that's odd dude
[Music]
do you guys do you guys have an answer
for the question i would apologize to
people like ron
i got 24 hours to live yeah how much
money i got doing everything i possibly
can
swim with sharks because i'm gonna die
anyways yeah i could probably go
skydiving and see the world from a
different perspective
invite everyone i know to like a big
beach party skydive
into like a crowd full of like puppies
or something and then just like play
with them right after
i don't know my favorite answer so far
after asking strangers on the street for
over two hours there was
no answer that stood out and so mata
namar had no other choice but to try
again the following day
but this time with reinforcement
where'd you guys need papa's help who's
papa i'm papa
and i'm here i'm gonna go in day two
let's see if it works i think we gotta
do it the old-fashioned way we're just
gonna go up
straight to people what do you wanna do
before you die huh die tomorrow
that's not how we're going to do it the
trek idea wasn't the most practical
thing in the world so we're going back
out what has been the number one thing
on your bucket list
chip character yeah traveling around the
world the world with my family
okay well i don't think that's the right
strategy people will go too broad
can we ask you a question yeah you have
24 hours to live and you cannot leave
california how would you spend it
how many seconds do i get to answer oh
you can think about it for a second
yeah okay okay i know what i would do so
eat like all the foods that i don't eat
right now
crepes waffles cheese grilled cheese
and then i would jump off a cliff
into the ocean do you guys want to come
take the question very seriously and
actually think about every single detail
because
we can make it happen guys are you sure
yes
no i feel like i shouldn't i actually
want to do and i'm not kidding i told my
mom that
i want to like drive up a mountain and
howl and i want the wolves to like come
and so i can look at them i can't
believe we're doing that tomorrow
we're living our best lives more good i
like you already what time do you have
to wake up
if you got a last day to live we gotta
watch sunrise right all right we're
pulling her out of her stand and we're
going into the
mystery van i guess do you have a
favorite car i keep having a dream
about this like turquoise ferrari
turquoise
this is so pretty am i going to get
kidnapped no
oh my god guys you're freaking me out
i'm kidding
you should compile this water that you
love well i'm vegan
okay but i crave cheese every day we
need to drink wine
okay red wine we have to wake up watch
the sunrise and probably go swimming
guys i feel like i'm actually dying i
thought you were just like around you're
like what do you want to do i'm like
well we'll go back to the house make a
plan and i'll see you
a little later yeah sweet
[Music]
good morning it is currently 5am we are
headed to downtown to pick up morgan and
roommate will be joining us we're
starting off with cliff jumping just the
only part that she knows about she has
no idea what's
happening for the rest of the day
neither do you oh the energy is high
i'm jenna nice to meet you i'm so
ready guys it's your last day so i hope
you're ready i know
so here's the thing about this cliff
jumping place it was affected by the
malibu fires so we're 50 50 on knowing
whether we can actually make it there
oh god but we're going to do our best we
have a friend who knows the clifton
respond who's coming with us too
nobody cares about what i'm saying right
yeah yeah nobody cares i'll just
just stop recording nobody's been
listening this whole time
you try it regardless it's your last 34
hours what would you want to do for
sunrise let's go to the beach
and we'll go somewhere we have to we
have to go yeah
look at those views oh my
[Music]
oh this gosh is beautiful
have you watched the sunrise since you
moved to l.a that's so sad
wow this is your first sunrise in la
that's awesome though i'm so excited
the best day ever together here we go
you guys ready i feel amazing i'm ready
i'm ready to go
[Music]
literally best way to start the day i
would say
you have no idea what we're doing next
right i have no idea okay we'll tell you
when we get there
so i'd be scared
[Music]
all right i'm out you want to break to
what we're actually about to do i think
the reason we
end up picking you is because of your
very specific vision
about howling with wolves so we're going
to a place called wolf mountain
sanctuary and it's by big bear it's
going to be about a three-hour drive
so we don't want to waste your 24 hours
driving so we're gonna take a helicopter
all the way out there we literally ran
to the helicopter for
the morning to take us out there and
then back guys
what the hell you don't even know me i
don't even know what to do that's like
too nice you can't waste time
guys i'm gonna go meet my my family call
them my world family
you guys are so nice i can't believe
you're doing this i never expected this
like this is ten times this is great
this is like insane
this is it hi i'm awesome morgan
me the pilot today hi anthony nice to
meet you
[Music]
cool
this is insane
[Music]
just arrived it's right there
oh my god good to go
hello how are you guys that was awesome
so much for having us
this is crazy do you feel the energy hi
wow that's to connie our alpha male if
we don't go in with him because he can
bite our faces off so we don't want to
go
oh okay oh my god good to know that him
wow guys this is insane
use those nails how do you train a wolf
to be comfortable around people
you train them you give them love yeah
i've been working
since i was two years old with my papa
so i know them they know me
i'm part of them they're part of me and
together we are one
did looking a wolf in the eye seeing
those canines oh
you got better hard good girl she like
she likes
oh my god that was good
i'm trying to act cool right now
she won't hurt me i would have never
thought i would ever
touch a wolf in my entire life this is a
total tables turn situation
where the guest we brought along is not
scared and amar is scared for his life
that is my one fear people always ask
like
what are you afraid of because like i'm
not usually afraid of like the heights
and all these things
wild animals is my biggest fear i just
got licked by a woman
come on do it so what he's gonna die
so if you have any questions
do it dude
[Music]
that gave me goosebumps no mission
accomplished mission
complex
also every single wolf here has been
rescued by her it was
being here or it was being put down so
she's been taking care of all these
wolves for several years now well
we'll fly back to la and continue the
day
okay we are currently on our way to pick
up the
ferrari never thought i'd say those
words holy sh
wait what i am back home and wow
wow holy
what the hell dude i will be driving out
to downtown right now to pick her up
surprising her with this take her on
epic
pacific coast highway one of the most
scenic drivers in the world and then
we're gonna be surprising her with wine
and cheese at this epic spot in malibu
that thomas discovered a few months ago
hi morgan what do you think we're doing
right now
i have no idea what we're doing should i
be scared guys
uh something morgan you gave us like a
list of a lot of things
you possibly wanted to do yesterday so
you can go right here and then you can
open your eyes
guys that is too funny is it is that
real
[Music]
in my dream i feel like she's not even
like processing i can't process because
then i'll like be too overwhelmed
[Music]
all right let's do it i know that this
was not too high on your list but we
thought it would still be fun
no this is like it was so high that i
was gonna take it off because i was like
i don't want you to feel pressured to do
it
[Music]
i always wanted to throw you still one
time you're driving
yes i'm driving this barracks it's a
beautiful oh you're like
really impressed i need to make sure i
know where
the brake is what do you mean you know
where the brake is sometimes i like try
to hit the brake when i hit the gas
oh no we can't have that yeah yeah let's
just look at the road
all right we made it to the location we
didn't die
and the car is good walking down the
most epic lookout spot that i know of
so far in los angeles my boyfriends are
here
you have eight boyfriends for the day oh
my boyfriends guys
you wanted one in cheese right that's
two boxes are we doing this
oh okay it really does feel like a date
now so morgan is a vegan
and doesn't eat cheese but for her last
24 hours
she will yeah i want to know which is my
secret this is goat cheese
that looks so oh my god look at that
[Music]
all right so as a part of your last 24
hours you wanted to give back
yes i want to give my crystal healing
energy
to random people that we see let's do it
i know you're working
but i wanted to give you a crystal thank
you
it's called aquamarine i know a little
bit about crystals really it's cool
have a good night have a good night guys
thank you yeah very nicely
for you thank you happy birthday oh it's
called aquamarine
thank you but i'll take it can i get a
hug too yeah thank you kind of
active kindness mission completed and
you know what we're doing now we're
gonna have an
epic vegan dinner i'm so excited
let us go looks like it's your birthday
i know well it's it's her like
after living through this experiment
alongside morgan it pushed all of us to
think about how we spend our time what
are the things that matter most to us
who are the people we want to be
surrounded by and what do we do in our
daily lives
to seek those things out i was like if i
actually did die tomorrow
that would be fine because today was so
surreal like i literally feel so
full like my heart is so full this is
actually insane to me
i walk into this house and a whole bunch
of strangers are like
i've never felt this much love in my
life
[Applause]
now as 2018 comes to an end we want to
challenge you to identify one thing that
you'd
actually want to do if you have 24 hours
left to live
and go find a way to make it happen and
to spread the love
make a list of the people who you'd want
to surround yourself with and tell them
how much they mean to you
on that note we'll be doing exactly that
this is the last video of 2018 as we'll
be taking the next three weeks off to
reflect
and spend time with loved ones happy
holidays to all the yes fam members out
there we're so grateful for this
community and we can't wait to show you
what we have planned for 2019. we'll be
posting exclusive videos on our
instagram while we're off youtube so
follow us on there and we also
highly encourage you to click the link
in the description and check out
vacations of the brave which is
available on amazon prime video
right now if you want to continue being
inspired and maybe get some ideas for
things you want to experience yourself
click the link in the description and
enjoy the show so thanks again to
destination canada for sponsoring this
video
we love you all we'll see you in 2019